# Application of ChatGPT
In this document, I will discuss two articles about ChatGPT, a currently trendy AI chatbot that is able generate live conversation with users from its database. I will present and discuss two different perspectives on the application of ChatGPT.

## Article 1
In [ChatGPT Is a Tipping Point for AI](https://hbr.org/2022/12/chatgpt-is-a-tipping-point-for-ai) of Harvard Business Review by Ethan Mollick, the author thought that ChatGPT can have great prospects for future applications in multiple fields including writing software programs and business strategies. Specifically, the author believes that ChatGPT is suitable to deal with tasks that occasional failure is tolerable. With the support of its massive database, ChatGPT can generates text ouput much faster than human being. In the business society that emphacizes efficiency, ChatGPT is going to one of the most useful tools in various industries.



## Article 2
Contrary to the first article's claim, the Atlantic's article [ChatGPT Is Dumber Than You Think](https://www.theatlantic.com/technology/archive/2022/12/chatgpt-openai-artificial-intelligence-writing-ethics/672386/) by the author, Ian Bogost, thinks that ChatGPT, is still not sufficient enough to replace human work and has serious limitations in industrial level application. From the author's view, The output that ChatGPT created tend to follow the template and formulae from its database, lack creative content, and has flaws from time to time. For instance, the author said in the article that when he asked for a game prorgam, ChatGPT can only send disconnected snippets of actual code back rather than a complete runnable program.As a result, the author believes that it only produces textual material in a form corresponding with the requester’s explicit or implicit intent rather than having its own thought or creativity. And the author claims that the reason is because computers have never been instruments of reason that can solve matters of human concern; instead, they’re just used to structure human experience through symbol manipulation. 
